Changes for repo migration (#35)
refraction-networking/water-rs: README.md

    </div>
</div>

> The Go implementation of the runtime library can be found in [water-go](https://github.com/refraction-networking/water). We now also support building WATM in Go, please refer to [watm](https://github.com/refraction-networking/watm) for examples and helper libraries interfacing Pluggable Transports-like interfaces. Official Go compiler is currently not supported ([watm#4](https://github.com/gaukas/watm/issues/4)).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The Go implementation of the runtime library can be found in [water-go](https://github.com/refraction-networking/water). We now also support building WATM in Go, please refer to [watm](https://github.com/refraction-networking/watm) for examples and helper libraries interfacing Pluggable Transports-like interfaces. Official Go compiler is currently not supported until further notice.
```

I might want to avoid linking to an archived repository even for the reference purposes.
